hotfix: add popular grammar checker extension node names (#2096)
codex-team/editor.js: docs/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

### 2.26.1

> - `Fix`- add popular grammar checker extension node names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Fix`- Fix of Block deletion after Backspace press in case when node cotains 3rd party grammar checker extension
```

and move this line under 2.26.0, please.

- `Improvement` — *CodeStyle* — [CodeX ESLint Config](https://github.com/codex-team/eslint-config) has bee updated. All ESLint/Spelling issues resolved
- `Improvement` — *ToolsAPI* — The `icon` property of the `toolbox` getter became optional.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
